Scheduling App : ScheduleMe

ScheduleMe will faciliate ease of time and schedule organization for groups/teams. The system will provide a service as follows.
A user will start a new schedule. The user will specify how many users will be in the schedule, how long to keep the schedule alive for (1 day up to 3 days), and 
after a temporary link will be created that leads to that schedule.
In the schedule page, each user will be able to add their name, email, phone number and the times they are available.
Upon the expiration of the link (schedule) or when all team members are signed up, the system will select the most optimal time.

Optimal time:
    1) if all team members can only meet at a single specific time then pick that time slot and notify the original creator.
    2) if no team members can meet at the same time, email the original creator of the situation
    3) If at least # of members can meet, pick that time slot and notify original creator of the situation


Main Page:
    The system will allow a user to indicate the number of members expected on schedule
    The system will allow a user to fill in their Name, email, and phone number
    The system will allow a user to indicate the expiration time of the schedule
    The system will verify that a user is not a robot
    The system will allow a user to create a schedule room.

Schedule Room Page 
    Upon creation the system will email the schedule room page to the original creator.
    THe system will display in a textbox the url of the room.
    The system will allow other users to enter their email, name, and phone number
    The system will allow other users to indicate the time they are available by creating time blocks.

Create Time Block Page/Window
    Users can select what day to create a time block in
    Users can indicate what time the block starts
    Users can indicate what time the block ends
    Users can save the time block information
    Users can reset the time block information
    Users can close the Create Time Block Page
    